1. What is Semantic HTML? semantic HTML is HTML elements that clearly describe their function to the dev and the computer

2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to build the basic structure of a webpage

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is something that gives more info about an html element, placed withing the opening tag of an element

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is the biggest sized heading, only used once for the main heading at the start of the page

5. Name two tags that have required attributes img and a both require attributes to function

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata

7. What is an id? the id attribute is a unique identifier for an html element

8. What elements can I add an id to? divs, headers, sections, paragraphs, can be used for bookmarks

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? only once

10. What is a class? a class is an attribute used to specify a styling sheet for a froup of elements

11. What elements can I add a class to? anything

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as often as needed

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add 'target="_blank" to the a tag after the href

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? provides alternative text for the image in case the image cannot be displayed or for screen readers

15. How do I reference an id? #id

16. What is the difference between a section and a div? a section is used for grouping related content on a page, div is used only for styling convenience 

17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to add styling to a html page

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one- an id is used for a specific element you want to style, like the heading of a specific paragraph, while class is for styling a group of elements, like the font of a specific section

20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .human

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? parent > child, used to style every child element when they are inside a parent element
 
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar > a

24. What is a pseudo selector? used to define a special state of an element, like when a link has been clicked to change the color

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
div{
border:1px dotted black;
}

29. How do I select everything on the page? body tag

30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*comment*/

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? $pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? $ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm, it is permanent and no confirmation prompt

34. Why should I use version control? allows for parallel development and you can see a history of changes

35. How often should I commit to github? whenever you make significant changes

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push u- origin branch-name

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork the repo, clone it to your local machine, branch the repo, commit the changes and push to remote, submit a pull request with your forked repo
